---
title: 两篇写的还说得过去的托福写作
authors: xyspg
tags: [TOEFL, 学习]
enableComments: true
---

随便传点什么东西  
虽然说还是写的不咋地

<!--truncate-->

## 因为互联网的出现，教育孩子是否比过去更困难？

Whether educating children is a more difficult task today than it was in the past because they spend so much time on cellphones, online games, and social networking websites has been a controversial topic among the public these days. Some advocate that those platforms benefits them, while I hold the opposite opinion that educating children is more difficult today due to these services.

To begin with, cell phones, online games, and social networking websites create a disturbance on children. To put it more explicitly, children can easily get distracted by these services when they are trying to learn, since they attract children more than classwork, as there are more interesting types of entertainment on the internet for a those students who are not quite interested in plain knowledge eg. tv&computer have appealing color, music and graphics that makes children easily distracted. So when they are studying, they are more likely to recall the story, music, images in the game, and lost attention to the class. Since they are likely to refuse learning from textbooks, it would be more difficult to educate the children. Back in the past, there were no such entertainment services as appealing as today. Magazines, TV shows, albums, were not likely to disturb student much like today, and it would be easier for them to balance between entertainment and study.They have formed a dependency on these services since they have used them for a long time. For example, many classmates, including me, would unconsciously check our inboxes, newsletters, etc. during the class when we are trying to reach some class material on our devices. For the reason that we had established a connection between our device and these services, and the first thing when we turn on the screen is to check these stuff. Consequently, we would involuntarily access them on during learning period, and easily get distracted. In a more seriously circumstance, some student would even surf the internet consciously because they don’t want to pay attention to class. From the example, we can see that such internet services like social networking websites do disturb students on the learning process, thus increase the difficulty to educate them.

Secondly, contents on social networking websites, online games may influence children’s literal or mental concept. Due to the marvelous advanced online platforms, a number of internet-slang words appears. Children’s mind are likely to be infused with such expressions, hence revealing an effectiveness decrease in literal thinking. Take my cousin for instance. He likes to surf on the internet, and he was quite interested in internet slang words such as “cu”(see you) “ty”(thank you). He even writes these words in his school assignment, which is literally inappropriate. Such words create a disturbance with the standard English words, and he should not get access to such slang words at an early age, because this is the crucial learning period of standard English for him. Also, children love to imitiate and usually lack of ability to differentiate right or wrong. Accordingly, they would think that those slang words are a fashion way, and use them without considering the proper circumstances. From the example, we can see that the infusion of internet-slang words poses a difficulty to educate children. In stark contrast, there was no internet in the past, so children would not get such slang usage. All their English usages are from standardized textbooks, dictionaries, audio tapes, news, etc. Such language inputs are more formal to them than today, thus contributing to their language learning.

Admittedly, these services has various useful information for children’s learning. For example, they can use cell phones to look up words quickly, or practice math skills in games like sudoku. But these resources can also be achieved in paper form easily. There are more elaborate and comprehensive resources in library, designed specifically for educating the children. And since they are too young to control themselves from being distracted by online services, it is better to use online services less frequently.

All in all, from various dimensions, we can see that educating children is a more difficult task today than it was in the past because they spend so much time on cell phones, online games, and social networking websites.

## 政府是否应该为所有人提供免费互联网服务？

Whether government should make Internet access to all the citizens at no cost has been a controversial topic among the public these days. Some advocate that the government should provide free Internet service since the Internet is as important as other services such as building roads. Yet, I hold the opposite opinion that the government should not make Internet access to all the citizens at no cost.

Initially, free Internet can lead to vast amount of users and causing Internet jams. A sudden increase of clients on the Internet will cram the servers since Internet access is now free of charge. This eliminates the necessary connection such as online education, remote medical service, or even emergency services. Besides, this could result in a dramatically low Internet speed and make thousands of websites collapse. For example, in 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic caused the growth of Internet users since they are asked to stay at home. However, the ISP(Internet Service Provider) in Europe could not hold the colossal network traffics, so some online streaming websites have to announce that they need to reduce the streaming quality to 720P to provide available internet connection for everyone. Accordingly, we can see that even only the Internet users increased a small amount, it causes difficulty for the ISP. And the situation will definitely be much more severe if large users comes in due to the Internet is free.

Secondly, providing free Internet can cause Internet abuse. The reason why people now save their cellular data, like avoiding downloading large files outside, is that that the data in their data plan is limited, and they will be charged if they exceed their cellular data plan. However, if people can access the Internet freely, they will consume a huge amount of data without concern. Even the number of clients stays the same, the Internet traffic still overloads. Take myself as an example. Last year during the pandemic period, our community provided free Internet service for the households in order to let students take online classes. However, many non-student users also use this free network, and they download Blu-ray movies or games that cost a lot of data, leading to the network fluctuation for students like us. We experienced a severe lag when we had online classes, and this lag has been solved after the community set a password for that network. So the free network will result in people abusing the network, and interfere with those normal users.

Thirdly, if the government allows citizens to use the free Internet, it reduces the budget on other necessity services such as compulsory education, or medical insurance. People may not experience the benefits from those areas if the government puts all of its funding on the costly free Internet.

Although in this day and age, the Internet may be as important as other services such as building roads, since a lot of activity is needed to be done online. However, people in the past 30 years or 50 years never experienced the Internet, and they still enjoyed the convenience from the traditional telephone, newspaper, or radios. And these things are still not outdated today. Losing the availability of the Internet only suppresses some Internet-based services such as Uber. But nowadays, people are still able to call a taxi in the traditional way.

All in all, from various dimensions, we can see that the government should not make Internet access to all citizens at no cost.
